their key
Wheelan grace he had the will to survive
and she's alive by the grace of God
mmm-hmm he's a pretty little baby she is
too though or can't help it
where's he going
so he's got a packed
anyway
yes a you say over there was fishing
him says something's a bottom ham
mmm she's hungry
I can't see your time she moves
oh she's trying to run that's a quit no
that'd be a good that you can't standing
out of that mm-hmm
this is the video reporting six don't
know what you do it to mama
you're good mama pepper we did good girl
say I had to take care of me the best
way I could and she now she can to begin
with she couldn't and that was one for
hard now she area some dinners now in
her likes to eat that's good
she's kidding this is brother quit are
you mad at E grace o is you're mad at
wheal boy
yeah I tell them I needed to get
somebody down here she's moving around
they probably did that because she
spotted favor
pepper did and they want to keep her
cool I would like to get her inside the
site so I can't read-a the difference in
the size
I've got much better after this one but
it didn't know I was coming so I could
trash